for you to run boxing from foot locker
just received from UPS to plug freaking
week and look how it comes comes in a
paper bag and I even double package in
another box so stupid this is out
footlocker packages or shoes and I'm not
going to be the one order from there
anymore seriously okay this how
broken now stupid look stupid so broken
all bent up from Foot Locker go to new
shoes this is how they package it huh
I'm not going to be order from them
anymore this is how they do it people
think that they don't want the box but
actually we keep the box if you're a
sneakerhead and you collect shoes you
want a box so you keep it or if you want
to resell it later you still have to box
in good shape my box is all flimsy and
screwed up from the packaging stupid ok
so here we have the bro she runs and
it's like the iguanas but it has cool
green color away with a little hints of
a type of blue ok let's review it we got
the top here I don't know what the heck
this is different with 20 here we got a
rubber material you got the 3m nike
swoosh it's like a plastic it's like
glue Dom but it's like a really good
type of glue guns like it's old but it's
not you got the bottom I me soon
that's so good because it gets you got
the little blue shrapnel see they
painted it on same goes to the bottom
got the insides with your laces actually
bought laces at the same time as I
bought shoe from ebay about the ship one
foot locker I bought two laces from ebay
and the laces got here sooner then the
show if you look at that so stupid but
yeah this is 36 inch laces i'll try them
all later see how they look like stupid
thing okay so we got the shoe there got
the back the back we have some type of a
psycho no it's like a roll thing looks
like them those are the little yellow
lines on the road that's what it looks
like the insole well it's a good in so
it's really thick it's nice and Mike it
looks like it might be comfortable i'm
going to try these on our foot right now
see the other yard let's take this out
take that out the other one out all
right do one more feet were here still
camera so friendly go tighten these
bolts all right okay let's put these on
grab it like this use slide it in there
from right now I've already totally fit
perfectly it really comfortable let's
see how run me up pull my pants on lazy
from America tell I don't know if you
should go should go take these out in
the rain down from this material looks
like the rain will get inside quickly
well for that it's a really good
breather you could see my toe if I move
it just really you can see how flimsy
this material is side I'm a sign that
book five I usually fit on some shoes i
usually fit on the size nine but I got a
little room like this which is good
really comfortable you can bend the shoe
as much as you like may for anything
okay go away it's really cheap get the
back view
the other side view I mean these are not
the socks and we use for them but I just
put them on for now usually load where
these are low cut socks so it looks good
on feet front view eat eat the whatever
this is the thing is olive for likely
iguana Roshi runs but I'm left too
familiar with colors but this colorway I
love it got a few clothes that go with
this I'm about to put the laces on the
hope the laces match yeah they match
some what would be good though oh so
that's the role she wants I'm not going
to put the laces on now on camera and I
like editing the videos but if you want
to see how they look with the laces
message me on youtube thanks for
watching